I sometimes find it hard to say no to co-workers and I end up doing some of their work as well as my own. Initially, 
for some reason I felt obligated to help other workers with their tasks, but I soon realised that this was counter-
productive to my own work. After I started taking work home with me I decided to take the initiative and
have learned to distinguish between what duties are solely mine and which are my collegues.



I find it difficult at times waiting for others to come back to me when the completion of my own task depends on them.
I think it demonstrates that I can be impatient at times, and one particular external company commented
during a telephone conversation that she found me quite pushy to deal with at times. Obviously I opologised to her 
but I stressed that my pushiness was simply down to me wanting to get the job done for my emloyer. I am learning to be
more impatient but I guess I will always have that urge to get the job done as soon as possible.



I sometimes take on too much work and find it hard to delegate tasks to others. This was, in the past, resulted in me
feeling slightly overwhelmed with too much work and I have been logging online at the weekends just to keep up with
my work. I am now learning to take on tasks and complete them as quickly and accurately as possible,
before moving on to the next one. I now also realise it is important to delegate tasks to other people within
the team who might be better placed to do them quickly based on their workload.



If I'm being honest, I don't have my experience yet of dealing with external companies or stakeholders, but I'm fully
aware it's an area I need to develop if I am to become an all-round competent employee. To improve in this area, 
in my previous job, I decided to shadow my manager for a day to find out how she deals with external companies
and found the experience enlightening and highly informative. I think that, if Ieventually get more experience of working 
with external companies and stakeholders, it will just serve to improve my overall capabilities with a work-related role.



When I first started with my previous company I used to get disheartened and demotivated whenever my manager
implemented a new policy, or if he brought in a change to procedures. However, following my last appraisal
I asked to shadow him for a day to learn about his role and howw the company operates from a strategic level.
This was a great experience as it made me realise how important change is within an organisation if it is
to grow and develop. I now view change as an opportunity for growth and development.




Enthusiastic, motivated, supportive, resilient, resourceful, flexible, mindful, hard-working,
committed, focused, confident, reflective.





My strength include an ability to work effectively as part of a team, being supportive of other team members, 
being able to focus on the task in hand, carrying out my work competently and diligently and also 
being enthusiastic and motivated about each task.




I have a number of key strengths that I feel would benefit this role; however, I feel my strongest quality 
is my ability to provide exceptional customer service at all times. In my previous job I used to go out
of my way to provide excellent customer service and care, as I felt this was important for our company
to continue to lead the market in its niche. The only way this could be achieved, was through
outstanding customer care.




I have a number of key strengths that I feel will suit this role. These include being a supportive
team member, someone who completes every task diligently and proffessionally, someone who always
puts the customer first and also having an ability carry out a number of ongoing tasks at any one time.
I feel my skills, qualities and attributes are a very strong match for the job description and I feel,
given the chance, I would be a valuable asset to your team.




One of my strengths is an ability to reflect on my own performance and therefore continually improve as an employee. In my las role, 
I wanted to improve the way I dealt with our customers, and so I decided to enroll on a distance learning course that would help me 
to understand the needs of our customers, whilst delivering outstanding customer care. Following the completion
of the course, my manager noted how he had seen an improvement in my performance at work.




I believe I am a highly-effective communicator, both in writing and also when dealing with customers and clients, 
face-to-face and also in meetings. For example, in my last role, the majority of clients and customers would contact me first 
when they needed somethinf sorting out. I always listened to the customer or clients issues or concerns,
and set about resolving them as soon as possible.








